[Music]
nowadays the only way to get into space
is with a rocket but apparently in the
near future there might be some new and
bizarre ways to leave the Earth's
atmosphere because space elevators
balloons catapults are you for real in
any case here are 10 innovative ways to
get into space one a catapult this
so-called catapult is actually a massive
centrifuge spinning at high speed the
speed is so great that when the catapult
swings up payload into space it reaches
a whopping speed of 3,000 miles per hour
NASA once tested similar technology but
eventually came to the conclusion that
it was less reliable than good old
rockets the main challenge for the
catapult technology is the strong air
resistance which could prevent the load
from jostling through the upper
atmosphere to a space elevator yep I'm
talking about a real elevator that's
supposed to go all the way from Earth to
space it would be connected to an
asteroid or a space station by four to
six massive cables I'll bet the bottom
ends of these cables would be fixed to a
thirty mile tall tower on the ground the
elevator itself would travel from
platform to platform at speeds of
thousands of miles per hour these
platforms would be located both in the
upper atmosphere and in open space but
you know the most amazing thing about
the space elevator this idea actually
appeared for the first time in 1895 it
was a Russian scientist Konstantin
Tsiolkovsky who suggested building such
a construction 3a balloon yep no
breakthrough technologies just a large
helium balloon that would fly to the
stratosphere then to space taking along
two pilots and up to six tourists a six
hour long flight would cost about
seventy five thousand dollars per person
however this method has its own
disadvantages first of all at the end of
the journey the balloon could end up
more than 300 miles away from the
departure point due to the wind
secondly it would take no less than two
hours for the balloon to reach space for
comparison Rockets can make it in four
minutes for an orbital ring the
principle of the orbital ring would be
similar to that of the space elevator on
the other hand the gigantic ring would
circle the planet with several points
connecting it to ground stations on
earth inside each crowd station there
would be a mega fast elevator that would
allow you to travel to space the orbital
ring could be created right in space
with the help of minerals found there
unfortunately this project is unlikely
to get started in the near future
because of its enormous costs on the
other hand they say that orbital rings
could be installed around the moon and
neighboring planets which would help
people to colonize new territories 5 a
skyhook
can you imagine a giant fishing hook no
even bigger which extends all the way
from space and stops somewhere in the
Earth's atmosphere it's considered to be
a mini version of the space elevator
after all it follows the same principle
but instead of reaching the ground a
hook is left hanging in the air
also the tower on the ground is missing
so a rocket first transports the payload
to the bottom end of the skyhook cable
and then this huge construction sends
the load further into outer space 6 an
airplane the chances are that a
hypersonic plane with a jet engine that
could turn into a rocket would be able
to fly into space it would help the
aircraft reach enormous speeds and on
the way back the engine would turn into
a regular jet engine once again such a
plane would be able to cover the
distance between Sydney and Los Angeles
which is about seven thousand six
hundred miles in under three hours at
the same time it takes a regular
airplane more than fourteen hours to
travel the same distance seven a space
fountain a space fountain would resemble
the space elevator only without the
elevator
would be space and ground stations the
ground stations would look like u-shaped
chambers and the space stations would
look the same except for the Chamber's
being turned upside down they would
remain in space thanks to millions of
magnetic pellets the ground stations
would fire at them these pellets would
then be sent back to earth and the cycle
would go on and on at the same time
electromagnetic accelerators lining the
walls of the ground chambers would send
the payload into space unfortunately
even though this project sounds cool it
would require incredible amounts of
energy see for yourself
a space fountain with the space chamber
about 1,200 miles away from the surface
of Earth would need the same amount of
energy as a whole city by the way would
you prefer to take a space elevator or a
space fountain to get into space write
about your choice in the comments below
8 a space cannon as the name suggests
this machine could shoot payloads right
into specs one of the proposals is to
build a 3600 foot long space projectile
and place it somewhere below the sea at
the equator the only visible part would
be the top of the barrel and a rig which
would be holding it above the water if
it were built it would cost a mere $250
to send one pound of payload into space
the only drawback it couldn't be used to
launch humans into space the compression
would be too strong for anyone to
survive such a trip but we get a bang
out of it number 9 a launch loop this
ginormous construction would be built of
magnetic cables covered with special
protective material both ends of the
launch loop would be firmly fixed on the
ground and the center of the track would
rise high up into the sky just like a
section of a giant roller coaster a
space train would set off from one side
of the loop and by the time it reached
the middle of the track it would already
be in space unfortunately the
construction would cost a fortune to
bill
number ten a mass driver also called an
electromagnetic catapult this innovative
kind of transport would resemble a
maglev train it wouldn't have any wheels
instead large magnets would help the
driver to slide over the rails this
so-called train would move inside a tube
the top of which would reach the upper
atmosphere on the other hand it would
still be held to the ground by powerful
metal beams if this project saw the
light of day it would cost just five
thousand dollars instead of about sixty
to eighty million dollars per seat to
send astronauts to the International
Space Station Wow isn't that impressive
but what if you don't want to wait and
would like to set off to space right
away then I have a bunch of ideas for
you for example you could apply for a
participation in the Mars one mission
the organizers were looking for
volunteers who wanted to set up a colony
on the Red Planet however this idea
would have two big drawbacks first of
all you would never return back to earth
and secondly the company that was
preparing the mission went bankrupt in
January 2019 after they hadn't managed
to raise the six billion dollars needed
for this venture so another option would
be to take a trip on Virgin Galactic's
commercial space plane this amazing
machine made its maiden flight in
December 2018 and soon it might take the
first space tourists to an altitude of
50 to 60 miles that's the height at
which you stop being just a traveler and
turn into an astronaut the drawbacks the
flight will ask just two and a half
hours and you'll probably have to sell
your house to pay the $250,000 price for
the journey now if you aren't ready to
spend a fortune to see our pretty blue
ball with your own eyes you can use the
services of a space delivery company and
send your substitute to space usually
delivering a package to the moon costs
about 1.2 million dollars per two pounds
but if you use the delivery services
it'll cost you way way less to have your
photo or some other small meaningful
object
to the lunar surface and finally you
could simply become an astronaut then
you'll have all the rights to see our
planet from above there easy peasy
yeah right hey if you learned something
new today then give the video a like and
share it with a friend and here are some
other videos I think you'll enjoy just
click to the left or right and remember
stay on the bright side of life